app/about/page.mdx, before:

import Image from "next/image";

import rauchgPhoto from "../../public/images/blank-about.png";

export const metadata = {
  title: 'Dave Blank',
  description: 'An overview of my career and technical contributions',
  openGraph: {
    title: 'Dave Blank',
    description: 'An overview of my career and technical contributions',
    images: [{ url: '/about/opengraph-image' }]
  }
}

<div className="max-w-2xl mx-auto px-6">

# About

<a href="https://x.com/isblank_dave" target="_blank">
  <Image
    src={rauchgPhoto}
    alt="Dave Blank"
    className="rounded-full bg-gray-100 block mt-2 mb-5 w-48 h-48 mx-auto sm:float-right sm:ml-5 sm:mb-5 object-contain object-bottom"
    unoptimized
    priority
  />
</a>

I&rsquo;m Dave Blank, a builder and technologist passionate about creating
innovative solutions. My journey spans technology, creativity, and the
ever-evolving intersection of AI and human experience.

With a background in software development and a keen interest in emerging
technologies, I focus on building tools and experiences that make a
difference. My work explores the boundaries of what's possible with
modern technology while maintaining a commitment to clean, thoughtful
design.

I'm currently exploring the potential of AI to augment human creativity
and solve complex problems. When I'm not coding, you'll find me tinkering
with new ideas or sharing insights about technology and innovation.

## What I'm working on

I'm currently focused on exploring the intersection of AI, software development, and creative problem-solving. My interests include:

- Building tools that leverage AI to enhance human creativity
- Exploring new approaches to software architecture and design
- Sharing insights about emerging technologies and their impact
- Creating experiences that are both functional and delightful

This blog is where I share my thoughts, experiments, and discoveries as I navigate the rapidly evolving landscape of technology.

</div>

Commit message:

updates to about page, actual content, will probably tweak later.

app/about/page.mdx, after:

import Image from "next/image";

import rauchgPhoto from "../../public/images/blank-about.png";

export const metadata = {
  title: 'Dave Blank',
  description: 'An overview of my career and technical contributions',
  openGraph: {
    title: 'Dave Blank',
    description: 'An overview of my career and technical contributions',
    images: [{ url: '/about/opengraph-image' }]
  }
}

<div className="max-w-2xl mx-auto px-6">

# About

<a href="https://x.com/isblank_dave" target="_blank">
  <Image
    src={rauchgPhoto}
    alt="Dave Blank"
    className="rounded-full bg-gray-100 block mt-2 mb-5 w-48 h-48 mx-auto sm:float-right sm:ml-5 sm:mb-5 object-contain object-bottom"
    unoptimized
    priority
  />
</a>

Hey, I’m Dave Blank.
I break things until they make sense.

I do it because I can’t stand repetitive, meaningless work. I want to spend my time learning, building, and finding better ways to do things. I’ll do something a hundred times if it’s a skill worth mastering, but never just because that’s how it’s done.

I’m a lifelong learner. Nothing fires me up like a new challenge or that moment when everything finally clicks. Real accomplishment, the kind that comes from dedication and grit, gets me every time.

Music runs through everything I do. One minute it’s Frank Sinatra, NF, or Hippie Sabotage. The next it’s Colter Wall, Hatebreed, or Griz. My playlists make no sense and I like it that way.

I live in Michigan with my wife, nine dogs, and fifteen chickens. I’m a Marine, always will be. That probably explains my love for structure, chaos, and the color green.

If you like learning by doing, building until it breaks, and breaking it until it’s better, welcome. You’re in the right place.

</div>
